ex beretta italian championship
the subversion of the uni for pro 4 100
tender plates 100 thousand euros of
jackpot
Jessica Rossi godmother I would say that
alberto waits for you to explain the
mechanism of this beautiful circuit
but in short, living for several years
direct experience in the shooting field e
It was a great pain to do this
proposal this company that obviously
has proven to be innovative in the
get ideas and have one
probably futuristic view that
also shooting range then briefly
the idea was to create a circuit that
made people feel like they said now
jessica for beretta said this year
I felt at home and the idea was
somehow make you feel at home
to shooters throughout the season
then a championship that included the
winner of 2014 excellence
on the performances of the whole season
briefly is a circuit that provides
five dates in which they will come
carried out three tenders approximately one
north and a center a south 5 race from 75
clay pigeons with the possibility of
discard one from March to July one
final in August for 100 clay pigeons
mandatory on the total of 400
clay plates without final more the prizes
that you saw briefly 100 thousand euros
of jackpots distributed with rifles with
a trip to las vegas with some
clinics with Olympic champions
so the little news and have the
champion who took the tests
best throughout the season
we live a championship that many
sometimes gives credit to the sample than to
final then in those two days
to the best performances that
probably a formula that fits
very professional but that
to the amateur who frequents continuously
the fields
maybe not so good with
this formula with this bet
we believe we are more involved
camp the shooters on the shooting ranges for
us this is an important moment for
make shooters feel like a community
registration is free and the fact that
anyway
in all races in all
events the beretta people of
our territory we call a
al English business consultant i
our area managers will be
present to help the shooter give
advice to indicate what is new
of our products and features
so they willingly make me pay
descriptions we will pay you right under
voucher form clearly for later
buy some material because of the
end we have a
a sales network that works in
armories and therefore with this voucher the
shooter will be able to appear in the
best armories where besides all the
naturally there will be beretta collections
the one you see today is only one
of the thousand items we have
in the merchandising office of the
fitav because then also in dressing also
in the product we wear all
days we recognize ourselves in ours
champions so I think it's reason
of pride for all to have this
little shield near my heart and for me
particularly because they are now 14
years that I am with this company there are those
is that it has a greater longevity than the
mine but also this on the arm with the
three arrows was the logo fitav I would say that
they are the right winning combination
thank you
I just have to close by thanking
first of all giving you an appointment a
all those that are the magazines of
sector that you see here that already from tomorrow
they will help us remember what they are
registration and participation procedures
and the regulation this championship e
we hope you like a bet
that we do because we believe in shooting
flight and we really want to always enlarge
more what is the catchment area
of enthusiasts who engage in
this sport
thank you for being here today
I thank the shooting fields that will be at
our side for sixteen appointments from
March until August where I give you
appointment everyone for
celebrate together the final guests of the
tavino rimini and of alberto
thanks to all good anti shock